doc: Make setting MCA parameter more prominent (#11459)
open-mpi/ompi: docs/mca/quickstart.rst

   not attempt to be comprehensive or describe behavior in all
   supported environments. The examples below therefore may not work
   exactly as shown in your environment.

   Please consult the other sections in this chapter for more details,
   if necessary.

Open MPI is highly configurable and can be configured during run-time
using configuration files, command line parameters, and environment
variables. The main configuration system is through the :ref:`Modular
Component Architecture (MCA)<label-mca>`. It is highly advisable to
read the linked section if any terms are unknown.

MCA parameters
--------------
:ref:`MCA parameters<label-mca-terminology-parameters>` (sometimes
called MCA *variables*) are the basic unit of run-time tuning for
Open MPI.  They are simple "key = value" pairs that are used
extensively throughout Open MPI.  The general rules of thumb that
the developers use are:

#. Instead of using a constant for an important value, make it an MCA
   parameter.
#. If a task can be implemented in multiple, user-discernible ways,
   implement as many as possible, and use an an MCA parameter to
   choose between them at run-time.

> 

Reviewer: I'd go ahead and delete this subsection from the quick start page.

Author: Sure

Setting MCA parameter values
----------------------------

MCA parameters can be set by:

#. :ref:`Command line parameters:<label-mca-set-param-command-line>`

   .. code-block:: sh

      shell$ mpirun --mca mpi_show_handle_leaks 1 -np 4 a.out

#. :ref:`Environment variables:<label-mca-set-param-env-var>`

   .. code-block:: sh

      shell$ export OMPI_MCA_mpi_show_handle_leaks=1
      shell$ mpirun -np 4 a.out

#. :ref:`Tuning MCA parameter files:<label-mca-set-param-tune>`

   .. code-block:: sh

>       shell$ mpirun -np 2 --tune foo.conf a.out

Reviewer: Can you throw in a `cat foo.conf` and its corresponding output before the `mpirun` command line?  I.e., something like:

```
shell$ cat foo.conf
...show the contents of foo.conf...
shell$ mpirun ...
```

This shows people a sample tune config file.  Doesn't have to be long/expansive -- just something that shows the basic format.

Author: Will do

#. :ref:`Configuration files:<label-mca-set-param-config-file>`

   .. code-block:: sh

>       shell$ mpirun -np 2 --mca mca_param_files <comma-delimited path of files> a.out

Reviewer: Same here: use concrete list of files (maybe 2 files, just to show that it can be a comma-delimited list of files), and cat them both before the `mpirun` line.

Author: Sure

Viewing available MCA parameters
--------------------------------

Open MPI has a large number of MCA parameters available. Users can
use the :ref:`ompi_info<man1-ompi_info>` command to see all available MCA parameters.
Note, ompi_info only shows a few common MCA params by default
and you have to specify ``ompi_info --all`` to see all of them.

> The vast majority of these MCA parameters, however, are not useful
> to most users. See the linked section for :doc:`Common MCA parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vast majority of these MCA parameters, however, are probably only useful
to advanced users and/or developers of Open MPI itself. See the linked section for :doc:`Common MCA parameters
```

.. _label-mca-quickstart:

Quick start: Run-time tuning Open MPI
=======================================

Although this section skips many details, it offers examples that will
probably work in many environments.

.. caution:: Note that this section is a "Quick start" |mdash| it does
   not attempt to be comprehensive or describe how to build Open MPI
   in all supported environments.  The examples below may therefore

>    not work exactly as shown in your environment.

Reviewer: Need to update this text.

Author: What do you think should be changed?

Reviewer: :...or describe how to build Open MPI in all supported environments."  Looks like that was copied from one of the other quick start sections -- but this section is not talking about building Open MPI.

Author: Oh derp, let me fix that

Author: Actually this should be fixed in all the quickstarts too

   Please consult the other sections in this chapter for more details,
   if necessary.

Open MPI is highly configurable and can be configured during run-time
using configuration files, command line parameters, and environment
variables. The main configuration system is through the :ref:`Modular
Component Architecture (MCA)<label-mca>`. It is highly advisable to
read the linked section if any terms are unknown.

MCA parameters
--------------
:ref:`MCA parameters<label-mca-terminology-parameters>` (sometimes
called MCA *variables*) are the basic unit of run-time tuning for
Open MPI.  They are simple "key = value" pairs that are used
extensively throughout Open MPI.  The general rules of thumb that
the developers use are:

#. Instead of using a constant for an important value, make it an MCA
   parameter.
#. If a task can be implemented in multiple, user-discernible ways,
   implement as many as possible, and use an an MCA parameter to
   choose between them at run-time.

Setting MCA parameter values
----------------------------

MCA parameters can be set by:

> #. :ref:`Command line parameters:<label-mca-set-param-command-line>`

Reviewer: Excellent use of linking here in the quickstart section to more in-depth information.  Should we be doing this in the other quickstarts, too?

Author: Probably

   .. code-block:: sh

      shell$ mpirun --mca mpi_show_handle_leaks 1 -np 4 a.out

#. :ref:`Environment variables:<label-mca-set-param-env-var>`

   .. code-block:: sh

      shell$ export OMPI_MCA_mpi_show_handle_leaks=1
      shell$ mpirun -np 4 a.out

#. :ref:`Tuning MCA parameter files:<label-mca-set-param-tune>`

>    .. error:: TODO This section needs to be checked for correctness.

Reviewer: Can you check this? (and the associated section)

Author: Okay I will go test this out

Author: Verified it all looks correct

   .. code-block:: sh

      shell$ mpirun -np 2 --tune foo.conf a.out

#. :ref:`Configuration files:<label-mca-set-param-config-file>`

   .. code-block:: sh

      shell$ mpirun -np 2 --mca mca_param_files <comma-delimited path of files> a.out

Viewing available MCA parameters
--------------------------------

Open MPI has a large number of MCA parameters available. Users can

> use the ompi_info(1) command to see all available MCA parameters.

Reviewer: Please link to the `ompi_info` man page here.  Also, I think you might want mention that `ompi_info` only shows a few common MCA params by default (you have to use `ompi_info --all` to see all of them).

The vast majority of these MCA parameters, however, are not useful
to most users. See the linked section for :doc:`Common MCA parameters
<common-mca-param>`.

> 

Reviewer: Nit: extra blank line at end of file.

Author: Removed
